okay guys the goat barn is done
turns out the chickens have pretty much
monopolized it as of right now the goats
just roam around and cause trouble that
white ones William Mecca the goat out
here's William Mecca the human I don't
know what he's doing
did you bring a present for your son
William Mecca the goat it may not think
he'll enjoy it
that's for him to climb on we'll see how
he likes it this is a 60 foot by 20-foot
pen we went with five inch round posts
with three T posts in between every ten
foot of it they come in 20-foot sections
they're real easy to work with this
really isn't the cheap way out but
you'll never have to do it again I
figure I'm not going anywhere this is
for my daughter so I did it right we
have this stuff in here the chickens can
play on that and the goats play on it
and the goats hide in this tire and jump
up on this and we're bringing that big
one in
Federico's 102 hot enough for you or
what it's alright I can take you now
you're an authentic Mexican aren't you
maybe
you